Add impersonate action to users_controller (#559)
rootstrap/rails_api_base: docs/impersonation.md

# Impersonation

## How does it work?

1. **Access Impersonation Link:**

>    - AdminUsers can find a link to impersonate users within the ActiveAdmin show page for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `AdminUser`s can find a link to impersonate users within the ActiveAdmin show page for users.
```

2. **Initiate Impersonation Request:**

>    - When an AdminUser clicks on the impersonation link, a request containing encrypted data is sent to a route specified by the `IMPERSONATION_URL` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When an `AdminUser` clicks on the impersonation link, a request containing encrypted data is sent to a route specified by the `IMPERSONATION_URL` environment variable.
```

> 2. Add `include API::Concerns::Impersonation::Hooks` to `app/controllers/api/v1/api_controller.rb` in order to set the `impersonated_by` attribute in the `current_user` and the `impersonated` header in the response.

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to have a script/generator for this 🙂

3. **Decrypt Data and Obtain Authentication Headers:**

>    - The designated route responsible for handling the encrypted data must make a POST request to `api/v1/impersonations`. This action retrieves the necessary authentication headers, including an additional header indicating that the headers are associated with an ongoing impersonation session. This extra header is named `impersonated`.

Reviewer: data is signed but not encrypted

4. **Establish Impersonation Session:**

>    - With the obtained headers, the frontend is equipped to make requests to the Rails API base, effectively simulating the experience of being another user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - With the obtained headers, the frontend is equipped to make requests to the server, effectively simulating the experience of being another user.
```

> This workflow ensures a secure and seamless user impersonation process for AdminUsers. Adjust the configurations as needed based on your environment and requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow ensures a secure and seamless user impersonation process for `AdminUser`s. Adjust the configurations as needed based on your environment and requirements.
```

> ## Installation

Reviewer: I'd move the installation section to the top

1. The link to impersonate users is not available by default. To activate this tool, you need to set the `IMPERSONATION_URL` environment variable.

2. Add `include API::Concerns::Impersonation::Hooks` to `app/controllers/api/v1/api_controller.rb` in order to set the `impersonated_by` attribute in the `current_user` and the `impersonated` header in the response.

## Configuration

> The encrypted data has a TTL of 5 minutes, to change this value update the `Impersonation::Verifier::EXPIRATION` constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signed data has a TTL of 5 minutes, to change this value update the `Impersonation::Verifier::EXPIRATION` constant.
```

Impersonated sessions have a TTL of 1 hour, to change this value update the lifespan at app/objects/impersonation/authenticator.rb

## Privacy and Security Considerations

### General Privacy and Sensitive Data
- Before using this tool check your compliance with GDPR, SOC-2, and other security standards concerning sensitive data.

### Policy Definition for User Impersonation
- Define policies that explicitly allow or disallow actions when using the user impersonation feature.

### Authentication Handling
- Authentication is managed by Devise. Admin users without a valid session cannot utilize the impersonation tool.

> ### Strong Permissions and Auditing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Strong Permissions and Auditing Reccomendations?
```
